Update README.md (#222)
awslabs/sagemaker-debugger: README.md

# Amazon SageMaker Debugger

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Support](#support)
- [How It Works](#how-it-works)
- [Docs](#docs)
- [Examples](#examples)
- [SageMaker Debugger in action](#sagemaker-debugger-in-action)

## Overview
[Amazon SageMaker Debugger](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/train-debugger.html) automates the debugging process of machine learning training jobs. It allows you to save tensors from training jobs and makes these tensors available for analysis, all through a flexible and powerful API.
`smdebug` library powers [Amazon SageMaker Debugger](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/train-debugger.html) by calling the saved tensors in S3 during the training job. `smdebug` retrieves and filters tensors such as gradients, weights, and biases.

Amazon SageMaker Debugger supports TensorFlow, PyTorch, MXNet, and XGBoost frameworks.
The following list is a summary of the main functionalities of Amazon SageMaker Debugger:

> - Zero Script Change experience on SageMaker when using [supported containers](#support)

Reviewer: There is no mention on ZCC till now in the doc. This is first time user encountered ZCC in this Readme, may be we should provide link to section that explains zcc.

# Amazon SageMaker Debugger

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)

> - [Support](#support)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Support](#support)
- [Install](#install-sagemaker-debugger)
```

run your own training script (Zero Script Change experience) using Debugger built-in features&mdash;`Hook` and `Rule`&mdash;to capture tensors,
have flexibility to build customized `Hook`s and `Rule`s for configuring tensors as you want,
and make the tensors available for analysis by saving in an [Amazon S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/?nc=sn&loc=0) bucket,
all through a flexible and powerful API.
The `smdebug` library powers Debugger by calling the saved tensors from the S3 bucket during the training job.

`smdebug` retrieves and filters the tensors generated from Debugger such as gradients, weights, and biases. `smdebug` helps you develop better, faster and cheaper models by tracing the tensors and iterative model pruning.

Through the model pruning process using Debugger and `smdebug`, you can iteratively identify the importance of weights, and cut neurons below a threshold you define. This process allows you to train the model with significantly fewer neurons, which means a lighter, more efficient, faster, and cheaper model without compromising accuracy.

> Amazon SageMaker Debugger supports TensorFlow, PyTorch, MXNet, and XGBoost frameworks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Debugger supports TensorFlow, PyTorch, MXNet, and XGBoost frameworks.
```

> The following list is a summary of the main functionalities of Amazon SageMaker Debugger:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following list is a summary of the main functionalities of Debugger:
```

- Distributed training support
- TensorBoard support

## Support

### [Latest release v0.7.2](https://github.com/awslabs/sagemaker-debugger/releases)
    

>    - Experimental support for TF 2.x GradientTape - Introducing experimental support for TF 2.x training scripts using GradientTape. With this change, weights, bias, loss, metrics, and gradients are captured by SageMaker Debugger. These changes work with vanilla version of Tensorflow 2.x (not with the zero-code change version).

Reviewer 3: you could reword this last sentence to say that these changes will work with changes to training script. it does not work with zero script change experience at this time

        Note: Training scripts using GradientTape for higher-order gradients or multiple tapes are not supported. Distributed training scripts that use GradientTape are not supported at this time.

   - Support SyncOnReadVariable in mirrored strategy - Fixes a bug that occurred because SyncOnRead distributed variable was not supported with smdebug. Also enables the use of smdebug with training scripts using TF 2.x MirroredStrategy with fit() API.

   - Turn off hook and write only from one worker for unsupported distributed training techniques – Fixes a crash when distributed training in PyTorch framework is implemented using generic multiprocessing library, which is not a method supported by smdebug. This fix handles this case and ensures that tensors are saved.

   - Bug fix: Pytorch: Register only if tensors require gradients – Users were observing a crash when training with pre-trained embeddings which does not need gradient updates. This fix checks if a gradient update is required and registers a backward hook only in those cases.

#### Setting up SageMaker Debugger

- `smdebug` library runs on Python 3.x. Install `smdebug` through:

    ```
    pip install smdebug
    ```

> #### Zero Script Change

Reviewer 3: sagemaker.md file also has a table like this, although outdated. will it be updated in a separate PR?

Author: Yes, it will be updated. I think providing the new versions in README.md is better; it is exposed to the surface, and customers can easily find it.

| Framework | Version |
| --- | --- |
| [TensorFlow](tensorflow.md) | 1.15, 2.1 |
| [MXNet](mxnet.md) | 1.6 |
| [PyTorch](pytorch.md) | 1.3, 1.4 |

> | [XGBoost](xgboost.md) | >=0.90-2 [As Built-in algorithm](xgboost.md#use-xgboost-as-a-built-in-algorithm)|

Reviewer: Zero script change is tied to DLC, rather than vanilla framework version. 
So when we say ZCC is supported to TF 1.15 and TF 2.1 , that actually means ZCC is supported if you use DLC container with TF 1.15 or TF 2.1

Author: Made a note about this.

#### Bring your own training container

| Framework | Versions |
| --- | --- |
| [TensorFlow](tensorflow.md) | 1.14. 1.15, 2.0.1, 2.1.0 |
| Keras (with TensorFlow backend) | 2.3 |
| [MXNet](mxnet.md) | 1.4, 1.5, 1.6 |
| [PyTorch](pytorch.md) | 1.2, 1.3, 1.4 |
| [XGBoost](xgboost.md) | [As Framework](xgboost.md#use-xgboost-as-a-framework) |

#### Support for Distributed Training and Known Limitations

> 

Reviewer: this table should also have ZCC and non-ZCC column.

Author: Will open another PR for this and [distributed_train.md](https://github.com/awslabs/sagemaker-debugger/blob/master/docs/distributed_training.md).

            <td colspan=2>Not supported</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

## How It Works

Amazon SageMaker Debugger uses the construct of a `Hook` to save the values of requested tensors throughout the training process. You can then setup a `Rule` job which simultaneously monitors and validates these tensors to ensure
that training is progressing as expected.
A rule might check for vanishing gradients, or exploding tensor values, or poor weight initialization. Rules are attached to CloudWatch events, so that when a rule is triggered it changes the state of the CloudWatch event. You can configure any action on the CloudWatch event, such as to stop the training job saving you time and money.

Amazon SageMaker Debugger can be used inside or outside of SageMaker. However the built-in rules that AWS provides are only available for SageMaker training. Scenarios of usage can be classified into the following:
- **SageMaker Zero-Script-Change**: Here you specify which rules to use when setting up the estimator and run your existing script, no changes needed. See [the first example below](#running-a-rule-with-zero-script-change-on-sageMaker).

> - **SageMaker Bring-Your-Own-Container**: Here you specify the rules to use, and modify your training script minimally to enable SageMaker Debugger.

Reviewer: Example?

Author: Re-arranged and re-worded the links.

Author: If you have an example of Bring-Your-Own-Container, can you provide it to me?

> - **Non-SageMaker**: Here you write custom rules (or manually analyze the tensors) and modify your training script minimally to enable SageMaker Debugger. See the second example above.

Reviewer 3: which example? could you add a link here

- Distributed training support
- TensorBoard support

## Support

### [Latest release v0.7.2](https://github.com/awslabs/sagemaker-debugger/releases)

   - Experimental support for TF 2.x GradientTape - Introducing experimental support for TF 2.x training scripts using GradientTape.

>    SageMaker Debugger GradientTape now captures tensors such as loss, metrics, weights, biases, and gradients by modifying training scripts in TF 2.x framework. A sample training script is provided [here](https://github.com/awslabs/sagemaker-debugger/blob/master/examples/tensorflow2/scripts/tf_keras_gradienttape.py).

Author: Currently the tf_keras_gradienttape.py is the only example of TF 2.x GradientTape implementation to Debugger. Rewording this paragraph.

A rule might check for vanishing gradients, or exploding tensor values, or poor weight initialization. Rules are attached to CloudWatch events, so that when a rule is triggered it changes the state of the CloudWatch event. You can configure any action on the CloudWatch event, such as to stop the training job saving you time and money.

Amazon SageMaker Debugger can be used inside or outside of SageMaker. However the built-in rules that AWS provides are only available for SageMaker training. Scenarios of usage can be classified into the following:
- **SageMaker Zero Script Change**: Here you specify which rules to use when setting up the estimator and run your existing script, no changes needed. See [Running a Rule with Zero Script Change on SageMaker](#running-a-rule-with-zero-script-change-on-sageMaker).
- **SageMaker Bring Your Own Container**: Here you specify the rules to use, and modify your training script minimally to enable SageMaker Debugger.
- **Non-SageMaker**: Here you write custom rules (or manually analyze the tensors) and modify your training script minimally to enable SageMaker Debugger. See [Running Locally](#running-locally).

> The reason for different setups is that SageMaker Zero-Script-Change (via AWS Deep Learning Containers) uses custom framework forks of TensorFlow, PyTorch, MXNet, and XGBoost which add our Hook to the training job and save requested tensors automatically.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The reason for different setups is that SageMaker Zero-Script-Change (via AWS Deep Learning Containers) uses custom framework forks of TensorFlow, PyTorch, MXNet, and XGBoost which add the Hook to the training job and save requested tensors automatically.
```

   - Support `SyncOnReadVariable` in mirrored strategy - Fixes a bug that occurred because the `SyncOnRead` distributed variable was not supported with `smdebug`. Also enables the use of `smdebug` with training scripts using TF 2.x MirroredStrategy with the `fit()` API.

   - Turn off hook and write only from one worker for unsupported distributed training techniques – Fixes a crash when distributed training in PyTorch framework is implemented using generic multiprocessing library, which is not a method supported by `smdebug`. This fix handles this case and ensures that tensors are saved.

   - Bug fix: Pytorch: Register only if tensors require gradients – Users were observing a crash when training with pre-trained embeddings which does not need gradient updates. This fix checks if a gradient update is required and registers a backward hook only in those cases.

### Setting up SageMaker Debugger

`smdebug` library runs on Python 3.x. Install `smdebug` through:

```
pip install smdebug
```

#### Zero Script Change

> You can use your own training script while using [AWS Deep Learning Containers (DLC)](https://aws.amazon.com/machine-learning/containers/) in TensorFlow, PyTorch, MXNet and XGBoost frameworks. The AWS DLCs enable you to use Debugger with no changes to your training script by automatically adding SageMaker Debugger's `Hook`.

Reviewer: Should we link to an example of zero code change here. or a page that describes zero change experience better. 
Key points are-

1) There are some default collection that sagemaker saves for you by default.
2) For more configuration regarding what tensors to save and how frequently to save you can pass config in estimator fit api, and no change in training code is reqd.

Author: The example code is in "How It Works" section below. This section is only to introduce what features and frameworks are available.

> The following table shows currently supported versions of the four frameworks for Zero Script Change experience.

Reviewer: Do we have dedicated page for 0 script change experience. Zero script change is different than normal mode. Because in ZCC, most of the configurations are created using sagemaker python sdk. Just wanted to bring it to your attention.

> The following table shows currently supported versions of the four frameworks for Zero Script Change experience.

Author: we chatted on Chime, Thanks.

| Framework | Version |
| --- | --- |
| [TensorFlow](tensorflow.md) | 1.15, 2.1 |
| [MXNet](mxnet.md) | 1.6 |
| [PyTorch](pytorch.md) | 1.3, 1.4 |
| [XGBoost](xgboost.md) | >=0.90-2 [As Built-in algorithm](xgboost.md#use-xgboost-as-a-built-in-algorithm)|

#### Bring your own training container

> 

Reviewer: also, please double check for information on this page: https://github.com/mchoi8739/sagemaker-debugger/blob/master/docs/sagemaker.md 
may be duplications should be removed.

Author: Removed from docs/sagemaker.md

| Framework | Versions |
| --- | --- |
| [TensorFlow](tensorflow.md) | 1.14. 1.15, 2.0.1, 2.1.0 |
| Keras (with TensorFlow backend) | 2.3 |
| [MXNet](mxnet.md) | 1.4, 1.5, 1.6 |
| [PyTorch](pytorch.md) | 1.2, 1.3, 1.4 |
| [XGBoost](xgboost.md) | [As Framework](xgboost.md#use-xgboost-as-a-framework) |

> 

Reviewer: example, or steps defining how they can use debugger with BYOC

Author: It would be nice if you can provide a code or a page for it.

Author: Added on of the new BYOC snippet of code using TF 2.x GradientTape from tensorflow.md

#### Support for Distributed Training and Known Limitations

<table>
    <thead>
        <tr>
           <th colspan=3>
           Distributed Training
           </th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td rowspan=2>Horovod</td>
            <td>Supported</td>
            <td>TF 1.15, PT 1.4, MX 1.6</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Not supported</td>
            <td>TF 2.x, PT 1.5</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Parameter Server-based</td>
            <td colspan=2>Not supported</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

> 

Reviewer: hoping that we will have more contents or link to contents about DT.

Author: Working on it. As you provided the other PR for DT, I am reading the PR and will update this.

## How It Works

Amazon SageMaker Debugger uses the construct of a `Hook` to save the values of requested tensors throughout the training process. You can then setup a `Rule` job which simultaneously monitors and validates these tensors to ensure
that training is progressing as expected.
A rule might check for vanishing gradients, or exploding tensor values, or poor weight initialization. Rules are attached to CloudWatch events, so that when a rule is triggered it changes the state of the CloudWatch event. You can configure any action on the CloudWatch event, such as to stop the training job saving you time and money.

Amazon SageMaker Debugger can be used inside or outside of SageMaker. However the built-in rules that AWS provides are only available for SageMaker training. Scenarios of usage can be classified into the following:
- **SageMaker Zero Script Change**: Here you specify which rules to use when setting up the estimator and run your existing script without no change. For an example of how to  [Running a Rule with Zero Script Change on SageMaker](#running-a-rule-with-zero-script-change-on-sageMaker).

> - **SageMaker Bring Your Own Container**: Here you specify the rules to use and modify your training script minimally to enable SageMaker Debugger.

Reviewer: this requires a dedicated page. explaining step by step, how can i bring my own container.

Author: As discussed above, let me know if you can provide a piece of actual code.

Author: Current solution: linking to the markdown doc files for the four frameworks.
Going to review those files.

Author: Added one of the new BYOC snippet of code using TF 2.x GradientTape from tensorflow.md

- Distributed training support
- TensorBoard support

See [How it works](#how-it-works) for more details.

> ## Support

Reviewer 2: Should this be so high? Seems like something you'd put last on the readme. Also shouldn't it be "Release Notes" instead of Support?

   GradientTape does not work with Zero Script Change experience at this time.

        *Note*: Training scripts using GradientTape for higher-order gradients or multiple tapes are not supported. Distributed training scripts that use GradientTape are not supported at this time.

   - Support `SyncOnReadVariable` in mirrored strategy - Fixes a bug that occurred because the `SyncOnRead` distributed variable was not supported with `smdebug`. Also enables the use of `smdebug` with training scripts using TF 2.x MirroredStrategy with the `fit()` API.

   - Turn off hook and write only from one worker for unsupported distributed training techniques – Fixes a crash when distributed training in PyTorch framework is implemented using generic multiprocessing library, which is not a method supported by `smdebug`. This fix handles this case and ensures that tensors are saved.

   - Bug fix: Pytorch: Register only if tensors require gradients – Users were observing a crash when training with pre-trained embeddings which does not need gradient updates. This fix checks if a gradient update is required and registers a backward hook only in those cases.

> ### Setting up SageMaker Debugger

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Install SageMaker Debugger
```

Reviewer 2: Should be 2nd level and not under support...

`smdebug` library runs on Python 3.x. Install `smdebug` through:

```
pip install smdebug
```

> ### Supported Frameworks

Reviewer 2: I think "How to Use SageMaker Debugger" might be better here...

Reviewer 2: or how to use smdebug

Reviewer 2: or Debugger usage options and supported frameworks

> There are two ways in which you can enable SageMaker Debugger while training on SageMaker&mdash;Zero Script Change and Bring Your Own Training Container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are two ways in which you can enable SageMaker Debugger while training on SageMaker&mdash;Zero Script Change and Bring Your Own Training Container (BYOC).
```
Does training need to be in there? We use BYOC in a lot of places... and it might be easier to reference this way.

> There are two ways in which you can enable SageMaker Debugger while training on SageMaker&mdash;Zero Script Change and Bring Your Own Training Container.

Reviewer 2: Maybe introduce ZSC?

| Framework | Versions |
| --- | --- |
| [TensorFlow](docs/tensorflow.md) | 1.14. 1.15, 2.0.1, 2.1.0 |
| Keras (with TensorFlow backend) | 2.3 |
| [MXNet](docs/mxnet.md) | 1.4, 1.5, 1.6 |
| [PyTorch](docs/pytorch.md) | 1.2, 1.3, 1.4 |
| [XGBoost](docs/xgboost.md) | [As Framework](xgboost.md#use-xgboost-as-a-framework) |

### Support for Distributed Training and Known Limitations

<table>
    <thead>
        <tr>
           <th colspan=3>
           Distributed Training
           </th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td rowspan=2>Horovod</td>
            <td>Supported</td>
            <td>TF 1.15, PT 1.4, MX 1.6</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Not supported</td>
            <td>TF 2.x, PT 1.5</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Parameter Server-based</td>
            <td colspan=2>Not supported</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

## How It Works

Amazon SageMaker Debugger uses the construct of a `Hook` to save the values of requested tensors throughout the training process. You can then setup a `Rule` job which simultaneously monitors and validates these tensors to ensure
that training is progressing as expected.

> A `Rule` checks for vanishing gradients, exploding tensor values, or poor weight initialization. `Rule`s are attached to CloudWatch events, so that when a rule is triggered it changes the state of the CloudWatch event.

Reviewer 2: `Rule`s looks weird. I think here you can just use Rule and Rules capitalized and without the ticks.

> A `Rule` checks for vanishing gradients, exploding tensor values, or poor weight initialization. `Rule`s are attached to CloudWatch events, so that when a rule is triggered it changes the state of the CloudWatch event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A `Rule` checks for vanishing gradients, exploding tensor values, or poor weight initialization. `Rule`s are attached to Amazon CloudWatch events, so that when a rule is triggered it changes the state of the CloudWatch event.
```
1st use of CloudWatch

You can configure any action on the CloudWatch event, such as to stop the training job saving you time and money.

> Amazon SageMaker Debugger can be used inside or outside of SageMaker. However the built-in rules that AWS provides are only available for SageMaker training. Scenarios of usage can be classified into the following three cases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Debugger can be used inside or outside of SageMaker. However the built-in rules that AWS provides are only available for SageMaker training. Scenarios of usage can be classified into the following three cases.
```

#### Using SageMaker Debugger with Zero Script Change of Your Training Script

Here you specify which rules to use when setting up the estimator and run your existing script without no change. For an example of this, see [Running a Rule with Zero Script Change on SageMaker](#running-a-rule-with-zero-script-change-on-sageMaker).

#### Using SageMaker Debugger on Bring Your Own Container

> You can use Debugger with your training script on your own container making only a minimal modification to your training script to add SageMaker Debugger's `Hook`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use Debugger with your training script on your own container making only a minimal modification to your training script to add Debugger's `Hook`.
```

For an example template of code to use Debugger on your own container in TensorFlow 2.x frameworks, see [Running on Your Own Container](#Running-on-Your-Own-Container).
See the following instruction pages to set up Debugger in your preferred framework.

>   - [TensorFlow](docs/tensorflow.md)

Reviewer 2: Alphabetical?

  - [PyTorch](docs/pytorch.md)
  - [MXNet](docs/mxnet.md)
  - [XGBoost](docs/xgboost.md)

#### Using SageMaker Debugger on a Non-SageMaker Environment

> Here you write custom rules (or manually analyze the tensors) and modify your training script minimally to enable SageMaker Debugger on a non-SageMaker Environment such as your local machine. For an example of this, see [Running Locally](#running-locally).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here you write custom rules (or manually analyze the tensors) and modify your training script minimally to enable Debugger on a non-SageMaker Environment such as your local machine. For an example of this, see [Running Locally](#running-locally).
```

> The reason for different setups is that SageMaker Zero Script Change (via AWS Deep Learning Containers) uses custom framework forks of TensorFlow, PyTorch, MXNet, and XGBoost which add the `Hook` to the training job and save requested tensors automatically.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The reason for different setups is that Zero Script Change (via AWS Deep Learning Containers) uses custom framework forks of TensorFlow, PyTorch, MXNet, and XGBoost which add the `Hook` to the training job and save requested tensors automatically.
```

These framework forks are not available in custom containers or non-SageMaker environments, so you must modify your training script in these environments.

## Examples

### SageMaker Notebook Examples

> To find a collection of demonstrations using SageMaker Debugger, see [SageMaker Debugger Example Notebooks](https://github.com/awslabs/amazon-sagemaker-examples/tree/master/sagemaker-debugger).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To find a collection of demonstrations using Debugger, see [SageMaker Debugger Example Notebooks](https://github.com/awslabs/amazon-sagemaker-examples/tree/master/sagemaker-debugger).
```

> #### Running a Rule with Zero Script Change

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Run a Rule with Zero Script Change
```

> This example shows a how to use SageMaker Debugger with Zero Script Change of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example shows a how to use Debugger with Zero Script Change of
```

> | [APIs for Saving Tensors](docs/api.md) | Full description of our APIs on saving tensors |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [APIs for Saving Tensors](docs/api.md) | Full description of the APIs for saving tensors |
```

> | [Programming Model for Analysis](docs/analysis.md) | For description of the programming model provided by our APIs which allows you to perform interactive exploration of tensors saved as well as to write your own Rules monitoring your training jobs. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [Programming Model for Analysis](docs/analysis.md) | For description of the programming model provided by the APIs that enable you to perform interactive exploration of tensors saved, as well as to write your own Rules monitoring your training jobs. |
```

print(f"Loss values during evaluation were {trial.tensor('CrossEntropyLoss:0').values(mode=smd.modes.EVAL)}")
```

That's it! When you configure the `sagemaker_simple_estimator`,
you simply specify the `entry_point` to your training script python file.
When you run the `sagemaker_simple_estimator.fit()` API,

> Amazon SageMaker will automatically monitor your training job for you with the `Rule`s specified and create a `CloudWatch` event that tracks the status of the `Rule`,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SageMaker will automatically monitor your training job for you with the Rules specified and create a `CloudWatch` event that tracks the status of the Rule,
```

so you can take any action based on them.

> If you want a greater configuration and control, see [Running SageMaker jobs with Amazon SageMaker Debugger](docs/sagemaker.md) for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want additional configuration and control, see [Running SageMaker jobs with Debugger](docs/sagemaker.md) for more information.
```

> #### Running on Your Own Container

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Run Debugger in Your Own Container
```

in TF 2.x framework using GradientTape

```python
import smdebug.tensorflow as smd
hook = smd.KerasHook(out_dir=args.out_dir)

model = tf.keras.models.Sequential([ ... ])
    for epoch in range(n_epochs):
        for data, labels in dataset:
            dataset_labels = labels
            # wrap the tape to capture tensors
            with hook.wrap_tape(tf.GradientTape(persistent=True)) as tape:
                logits = model(data, training=True)  # (32,10)
                loss_value = cce(labels, logits)
            grads = tape.gradient(loss_value, model.variables)
            opt.apply_gradients(zip(grads, model.variables))
            acc = train_acc_metric(dataset_labels, logits)
            # manually save metric values
            hook.record_tensor_value(tensor_name="accuracy", tensor_value=acc)
```

To see a full script of this, refer to the [tf_keras_gradienttape.py](https://github.com/awslabs/sagemaker-debugger/blob/master/examples/tensorflow2/scripts/tf_keras_gradienttape.py) example script.

> #### Running Locally

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Run Debugger Locally
```

Requires Python 3.6+ and this example uses tf.keras.

> To use Amazon SageMaker Debugger, simply add a callback `hook`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use Debugger, simply add a callback `hook`:
```

print(f"Loss values during evaluation were {trial.tensor('CrossEntropyLoss:0').values(mode=smd.modes.EVAL)}")
```

## Docs

| Section | Description |
| --- | --- |
| [SageMaker Training](docs/sagemaker.md) | SageMaker users, we recommend you start with this page on how to run SageMaker training jobs with SageMaker Debugger |
| Frameworks <ul><li>[TensorFlow](docs/tensorflow.md)</li><li>[PyTorch](docs/pytorch.md)</li><li>[MXNet](docs/mxnet.md)</li><li>[XGBoost](docs/xgboost.md)</li></ul> | See the frameworks pages for details on what's supported and how to modify your training script if applicable |
| [APIs for Saving Tensors](docs/api.md) | Full description of the APIs for saving tensors |
| [Programming Model for Analysis](docs/analysis.md) | For description of the programming model provided by the APIs that enable you to perform interactive exploration of tensors saved as well as to write your own Rules monitoring your training jobs. |

> ## SageMaker Debugger in action

Reviewer 2: Why is this at the bottom? I think it would be great near the top!

> - Using SageMaker Debugger with XGBoost in SageMaker Studio to save feature importance values and plot them in a notebook during training. ![](docs/resources/xgboost_feature_importance.png?raw=true)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use Debugger with XGBoost in SageMaker Studio to save feature importance values and plot them in a notebook during training. ![xgboost example](docs/resources/xgboost_feature_importance.png?raw=true)
```

Reviewer 2: Also please change the next bullet in the same way.
